The birch canoe slid on the smooth planks.
Note closely the size of the gas tank.
The wrist was badly strained and hung limp.
What joy there is in living.
A king ruled the state in the early days.
The friendly gang left the drug store.
Both lost their lives in the raging storm.
We talked of the slide show in the circus.
A yacht slid around the point into the bay.
The heart beat strongly and with firm strokes.
The fruit peel was cut in thick slices.
He lay prone and hardly moved a limb.
A tusk is used to make costly gifts.
Split the log with a quick, sharp blow.
Type out three lists of orders.
She sewed the torn coat quite neatly.
The sofa cushion is red and of light weight.
A filing case is now hard to buy.
Torn scraps littered the stone floor.
The fly made its way along the wall.
Jazz and swing fans like fast music.
Jerk the rope and the bell rings weakly.
The first worm gets snapped early.
Yell and clap as the curtain slides back.
Ducks fly north but lack a compass.
Cut the cord that binds the box tightly.
The flint sputtered and lit a pine torch.
Shape the clay gently into block form.
Tight curls get limp on rainy days.
The gold ring fits only a pierced ear.
The node on the stalk of wheat grew daily.
Write fast, if you want to finish early.
Slide the box into that empty space.
She danced like a swan, tall and graceful.
The store walls were lined with colored frocks.
The crunch of feet in the snow was the only sound.
Glass will clink when struck by metal.
Nine rows of soldiers stood in line.
Try to trace the fine lines of the painting.
A gem in the rough needs work to polish.
Each penny shone like new.
The dirt piles were lines along the road.
The thaw came early and freed the stream.
He wrote down a long list of items.
Fake &ones shine but cost little.
The sun came up to light the eastern sky.
Heave the line over the port side.
The stale smell of old beer lingers.
The list of names is carved around the base.
Nudge gently but wake her now.
Draw the chart with heavy black lines.
The chap slipped into the crowd and was lost.
They slice the sausage thin with a knife.
Turn on the lantern which gives us light.
The cleat sank deeply into the soft turf.
The bills were mailed promptly on the tenth of the month.
Dispense with a vest on a day like this.
Fly by night, and you waste little time.
Birth and death mark the limits of life.
The kite flew wildly in the high wind.
A fur muff is stylish once more.
The case was puzzling to the old and wise.
The youth drove with zest, but little skill.
Five years he lived with a shaggy dog.
Their eyelids droop for want. of sleep.
We like to see clear weather.
The little tales they tell are false.
The pleasant hours fly by much too soon.
Shake hands with this friendly child.
He wrote his name boldly at the top of tile sheet.
The best method is to fix it in place with clips.
The fan whirled its round blades softly.
The line where the edges join was clean.
The green light in the brown box flickered.
They took their kids from the public school.
Slide the catch back and open the desk.
Stop whistling and watch the boys march.
Slidc the tray across the glass top.
The cloud moved in a stately way and was gone.
Get the trust fund to the bank early.
Greet the new guests and leave quickly.
The early phase of life moves fast.
The gold vase is both rare and costly.
Be sure to set the lamp firmly in the hole.
Pick a card and slip it. under the pack.
Dots of light betrayed the black cat.
Slide the bill between the two leaves.
We don't like to admit our small faults.
A stuffed chair slipped from the moving van.
The pup jerked the leash as he saw a feline shape.
The blind man counted his old coins.
When you hear the bell, come quickly.
